feat(curriculum): add cipher project to Python curriculum (#52373)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/20-upcoming-python/learn-string-manipulation-by-building-a-cipher/655520c20cb1e6177b0641d6.md

---
id: 655520c20cb1e6177b0641d6
title: Step 67
challengeType: 20
dashedName: step-67
---

# --description--

> The `not` operator is used to negate an expression. When placed before a truthy value — a value that evaluates to `True` — it returns `False` and viceversa. Correct the `if` condition by using the `not` operator.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `not` operator is used to negate an expression. When placed before a truthy value — a value that evaluates to `True` — it returns `False` and vice versa. Correct the `if` condition by using the `not` operator.
```
